Now here is the bad and the ugly.
These are the things I don't want you to do.
Don't talk too fast and don't talk too slow.
Get the right tempo.
Don't be monotone, either.
Have your voice go up and have it go down and move
around so it sounds more interesting.
No hands in pockets; that's unprofessional.
Don't look at the floor or the ceiling.
Always look at your audience.
Try to control being tense or rigid.
People pick up on that and right away might feel uncomfortable or less
interested in the presentation or less interested in you.
Keep your posture nice and straight, that usually helps,
also with being a little bit less tense or rigid,
and don't lean on the podium or other sort of artifacts in the room.
Have good posture, good eye contact.
Alright, I just wanted to recap the bad and the ugly.
So, how long should a good presentation be?
Well, let's see.
So how long should a good presentation be?
Well, I say the shorter the better, as long as it accomplishes what you require.
Now let's see what Winston Churchill thinks.
He said,
"I'm going to make a long speech because I've not had
the time to prepare a short one.
" What he is saying is that if you don't plan and prepare,
you will likely make longer, less focused,
and less interesting presentations.
It takes planning and preparation to make good presentations and good
presentations are clear and concise and therefore on the shorter side.
Okay,
now let's move to the next session where we will discuss the verbal interpersonal aspects of leading effective meetings.